good morning I just woke up it is the
first day of school
and I'm gonna get ready for the day when
it comes to my hair guys I already
yesterday so I don't have to do that I
can't believe it's here it's been two
seconds of summer
[Music]
all right guys so I'm just grabbing my
backpack and heading down okay I'm ready
downstairs packed my lunch yesterday so
I'm just gonna record suddenly I am
going to eat something and then for my
lunch
[Music]
hi so we meet up with a couple of people
from our high school and you go to
what's called seminary but it's like a
Bible study class one morning there we
go so if you didn't know I Drive a
minivan right was crazy minivan
so we're going to go now Alli tell us
your feelings about school I'm excited
but nervous cuz I stick it back I never
knew teacher tell us your feelings
I'm excited to get to know it's just
that kind of process of learning what
they expect from us
I'm excited
are things the same thing yeah I haven't
even looked it up like any of them so we
keep our seminary building or our church
building that we just Center at so we're
gonna do this and then head to the dry
cleaners I give my seat look watch you
don't mind our parachutes we call this
our parachute then oh and we fixed it
with these tacks right here so everyone
let's do our clucking sounds oh my gosh
look this is a really cool picture don't
lock and drive really yeah angle Hannah
yeah I'll get the worst angles
okay there we go perfect guys yeah
because it's illegal not to well that's
I just say that that's not supposed to
look at the actual camera in the eye
that's the people look them in the eye
hi all right guys we're on our way in we
just stopped at the dry cleaners and
grabbed our jackets cadet school we have
Blazers and so we're headed so we are in
our classroom and we go to a private
school and if you'd like to see a little
bit about what our life is like right
this is your bed I can make a video on
being at a private school and like the
kind of things that our school does so
if you'd like to see that leave them in
the crucible and I can make a video on
that hey guys so we just got out of
school and we're trying to go and it's
literally disgusting outside so we're
just going to drive home so we just made
it home and my plan is to do my English
paper and once I'm finished with that
I'm pretty much done with homework but
that paper is even due till Friday it'd
just be nice to get it finished I have a
video to upload and I will do that
and then head to the gym alright guys so
I just got dressed for the gym and I'm
grabbing my stuff and we're going to
head that so we just got out of working
out we did the say obstacle course
and I did and I did count for a little
bit which is really fun overall we got a
really good workout how many about it n
darn and I feel like overall this first
day of school went really well so I hope
you guys enjoyed this video if you did
don't forget to give it a thumbs up and
if you like to see more click the
subscribe button thank you guys so much
for watching and we'll see you next time